What Storage Accounts support Zone-redundant Storage?
What replication types support live migration?
Can Immutability be disabled after being enabled on the storage account?
What storage account type is the only type where Premium file shares can be created?
What type of Storage Account supports Access tiers?
What is the maximum number of Fault and Update Domains available?
How can you share a virtual machine with an external user?
What specs does the Standard App service Plan have?
What is Mandatory when performing Backup and Recovery Services for a server?
What is the main characteristic of Basic Load Balancer SKUs?
What is the main characteristic of Standard Load Balancer SKUs?
What is needed to connect 2 Vnets across Subscriptions?
What needs to be done to P2S clients after peering has been successfully established?
Where do NS records need to be modified for internet requests to be routed through DNS?
How do you know how many action groups you will need?
How long are VM backups kept by default?
What 2 storage account types does AzCopy Support?
How often can Azure Monitor send emails and SMS messages?
Does AzCopy support Windows, Linux and Mac OS?
What is the only supported storage account that Lifecycle Management Supports?
What is the first step when configuring Custom DNS for an Azure Web App?
Does a Standard Load Balancer support resources with Basic public IPs?
How do you determine how many backup policies you will need?
What is the only Storage type that supports encryption scopes?
What's the first resource you should create when enabling MultiUser Authorization on a Recovery Services Vault?
What could cause a Backup Pre-Check to display a warning status?
Can Azure Backup take backups of VMs regardless of whether the VM(s) is shutdown?
What is the only OS that supports Azure Container Apps?
What IP address type and SKU is required for Azure Firewall?
How many service endpoints do you need if all the storage accounts are in the same region?
What is the only supported encryption key type used by Azure Storage?
What is the maximum supported Bit Length of RSA?
What dropdown is used to store sensitive information in ARM Templates?
Do Group licenses support groups that contain other groups?
What does a DNS TXT record do?
Can you connect Azure Firewall to a VNet in another RG?
Does Linux support Azure Container Instances, Azure Container Apps and App Services?
What is the only supported encryption key type used by Azure Storage?
What is the maximum supported Bit Length of RSA?
What 2 options in Azure Cloud Shell should you select when creating a VM via ARM Templates?
What Performance tier is necessary on a Storage Account to set it to be Block Blob?
What needs to be deployed when using Service Manager in an on-prem environment to monitor VM memory?
What users will be local admins on devices joined to a domain?
Do Log Analytics Workspaces need to be in the same region as Recovery Services Vaults?
What can you use to perform a file recovery of an Azure VM in the event of ransomware?
What location can you use to restore a backup of an Azure VM in the event of ransomware?
What can you configure during the deployment of an ARM Template?
Does .Net Core support Windows and Linux?
What the three things you add tags to?