What are the 2 primary routing methods of Application Gateway
What is NAT?
What 2 resources do you need to deploy NAT?
What are the 4 elements needed to create a VPN Gateway?
What are the 3 Protocols P2S VPN connections support?
What are the 3 authentication methods of P2S VPN Connections?
Is Endpoint Monitoring builtin to Traffic Manager?
What are the 2 main benefits of using Traffic Manager?
What is a requirement for VPN Gateways?
What does every VPN Gateway consist of?
What are the 2 VPN Gateway types? Describe both of them and which one is limited to basic SKUs only
Can resources without a Public IP communicate using NAT Services?
What needs to be turned off to enable Service Endpoints?
What is the only resource that is compatible with route tables?
What do Service endpoint policies do?
What is Bidirectional Forwarding Detection?
What is the minimum address space for a virtual hub?
Do Private Endpoints need to be in the same region as the VNet?
What are the 4 key components of Network Insights?
What is Network Watcher?
What does Traffic Analytics do?
What are the 4 resources required to deploy Azure Firewall?
What are the 3 attacks Azure DDoS protects against?
Can Azure DNS resolve across different VNets?
What is Azure Front Door?
What is the most common use case of Front Door Redirection?
What are the 2 Load Balancer types that work on a global scale?
What are the 2 Load Balancer types that work on a regional scale?
Which 2 load balancer types are HTTPS-based?
Which 2 load balancer types are non-HTTPS-based?
What does Connection Monitor do?
What are the 2 data types that Azure Monitor stores?
What is the only protocol that supports Azure AD authentication?
What is the only protocol that supports RADIUS Server Authentication?
What can be used to create a visual diagram of VNet Resources?
What is the only resource that route tables can be applied to?
What network resources require their own subnet?
How many service endpoints do you need per instance type?
What are the 5 resources needed to configure a virtual WAN?
What are the 2 types of Virtual WAN?
What are NVAs?
What is the only feature that the basic SKU offers?
What do virtual WANs allow organisations to use?
What is a service key used for?
What are the 4 ways to connect to ExpressRoute? Describe each one
What is Bidirectional Forwarding Detection?
What is ExpressRoute FastPath?
What are Route Filters?
What is the rule processing sequence of Azure Firewall?
What are the 3 attack types that DDoS Protection protects from?
What are the 2 main tiers of DDoS Protection?
Can NICs assigned to an ASG belong to different VNets?
What is required to deploy an Azure Firewall?
What are the 6 Routing methods that Traffic Manager supports?
What are the 4 certificate types Application Gateway supports for TLS termination?
What are the 2 Listener types associated with Application Gateway and what do they both do?
What is Application Gateway Global Redirection?
What are the 2 peering options in ExpressRoute?
What are the 3 ExpressRoute SKUs?
How can ExpressRoute be encrypted?
What can you specify with Nested Traffic Manager profiles?
What can DDoS Protection be paired with to enhance it's protection across multiple network layers?
What are the 3 endpoints that Traffic Manager supports?
What subnet mask must an IPv6 Subnet have?
What are Inbound NAT Rules used for?
What are Service Endpoint Service Tags used for?
What does Private Endpoint do?
What does Azure Network Adapter not require in order to connect to a Virtual Network?
What is a potential challenge when using Azure Extended Network?
What are Network Policies?
What are the only 2 Load Balancers that support Availability Zones?
What do custom Application Gateway policies allow you to choose?
What is needed to deploy Azure Extended Network?
What are Basic Virtual WAN SKUs limited to?
What ExpressRoute Connection Method provides High availability and redundancy?
If there are 5 subscriptions that want to use ExpressRoute, How many circuits do you need?
What enables transitive connectivity between Azure VNets?
What do User Defined Routes do?
What 3 things define an ExpressRoute Circuit?
Does Traffic Manager provide Url-Based Routing?
Does Private Endpoint need to be deployed in the same region and subscription as the VNet?